bpo-47212: Improve error messages for un-parenthesized generator expressions (#32302)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-04-05-11-29-21.bpo-47212.leF4pz.rst

> - raise IndentationError instead of SyntaxError for a bare except with no following indent
> - improve SyntaxError locations for un-parenthesized generator used as arguments
> - re-generate the parser
> - add tests for the above two fixes

Reviewer: Should fix the Docs CI failure :)

```suggestion
Raise :exc:`IndentationError` instead of :exc:`SyntaxError` for a bare
``except`` with no following indent. Improve :exc:`SyntaxError` locations for
an un-parenthesized generator used as arguments. Patch by Matthieu Dartiailh.
```

Author: Thanks
